Fix link in global reanalysis data page (#430)
NASA-IMPACT/veda-config: datasets/global-reanalysis-da.data.mdx

<Block>
<Prose>
## Explore the Data

> The global reanalysis is a large dataset with nearly two decades of daily output. Here we show a comparison of two dates for a single variable. We encourage users to [Explore the data](https://www.earthdata.nasa.gov/dashboard/exploration?search=global-reanalysis-da) to look at different dates and to compare variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The global reanalysis is a large dataset with nearly two decades of daily output. Here we show a comparison of two dates for a single variable. We encourage users to <Link to='/exploration?search=global-reanalysis-da'>Explore the Data</Link>  to look at different dates and to compare variables.
```
